README.md, before:

# Scripts 📜

Packages containing config, scripts, and dependencies for Crema apps.

**🧰 Tools Used**

- [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/) A tool for managing JavaScript projects with multiple packages. 
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org) for code linting
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io) for unit tests
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting (via ESLint plugin)
- [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org) for Static Typing in JavaScript ([Learn](http://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html))

## 🏗 Setup

1. [Install Node/NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/)
2. [Install NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation-and-update) (Node Version Manager)
3. `nvm install 'lts/*' && nvm use`
4. `npm i` (install project dependencies)
5. [Install the ESLint plugin for ~~your editor~~ VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
6. Enable "Auto-Fix on Save" in `settings.json`: 
```
{
  "eslint.autoFixOnSave": true,
  "eslint.validate": [
    "javascript",
    "javascriptreact",
    { "language": "typescript", "autoFix": true },
    { "language": "typescriptreact", "autoFix": true }
  ]
}
```

## 👟 Run

Run the following scripts with `npm run <SCRIPT_HERE>`:

>These scripts are located in `package.json` and do not represent the entirety of available scripts, but are the most commonly used.

### ⚙️ Development

1. `dev:setup` - !!!RUN FIRST: Packages must be built and symlinked first
2. `dev:build` - builds packages once
3. `dev:build:watch` - builds packages in watch mode
4. `dev:test` - run unit tests (be sure you've run `dev:setup` first)
5. `dev:test:watch` - run unit tests in watch mode (be sure you've run `dev:setup` first)
6. `dev:teardown` - Removes all consumer and global symlinks

### 📦 Publish

1. `dev:setup` - !!!RUN FIRST: Packages must be built and symlinked first
2. `dev:build` - builds packages once
3. `dev:build:watch` - builds packages in watch mode
4. `dev:test` - run unit tests (be sure you've run `dev:setup` first)
5. `dev:test:watch` - run unit tests in watch mode (be sure you've run `dev:setup` first)
6. `dev:teardown` - Removes all consumer and global symlinks

## 🏛 Structure

```
.
├── README.md
├── consumers
│   └── app-web
├── lerna.json
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
└── packages
    ├── scripts
    │   ├── configs
    │   └── package.json
    ├── scripts-mobile
    │   ├── configs
    │   └── package.json
    └── scripts-web
        ├── configs
        └── package.json
```

Commit message:

Fix dev:setup scripts
It was noticed that nested symlinks were not being set up correctly based
on the fact that the utils templates did not fail tests when changed.
It turns out that there is a very specific order in which symlinks need
to be created in. I have triple-checked this and have confirmed that not
only do global links for @cremalab/scripts-mobile|web are created, but
each of them has a symbolic link to the base @cremalab/scripts package.

README.md, after:

# Scripts 📜

Packages containing config, scripts, and dependencies for Crema apps.

**🧰 Tools Used**

- [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/) A tool for managing JavaScript projects with multiple packages. 
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org) for code linting
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io) for unit tests
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting (via ESLint plugin)
- [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org) for Static Typing in JavaScript ([Learn](http://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html))

## 🏗 Setup

1. [Install Node/NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/)
2. [Install NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation-and-update) (Node Version Manager)
3. `nvm install 'lts/*' && nvm use`
4. `npm i` (install project dependencies)
5. [Install the ESLint plugin for ~~your editor~~ VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
6. Enable "Auto-Fix on Save" in `settings.json`: 
```
{
  "eslint.autoFixOnSave": true,
  "eslint.validate": [
    "javascript",
    "javascriptreact",
    { "language": "typescript", "autoFix": true },
    { "language": "typescriptreact", "autoFix": true }
  ]
}
```

## 👟 Run

Run the following scripts with `npm run <SCRIPT_HERE>`:

>These scripts are located in `package.json` and do not represent the entirety of available scripts, but are the most commonly used.

### ⚙️ Development

#### Terms to know...

- "packages" — `./packages/(scripts|scripts-mobile|scripts-web)`
  - These must be symlinked with `lerna link` because they depend on one another.
- "consumers" - `./consumers/(app-mobile|app-web)`
  - These are separate repositories that depend on this package and are included as git submodules that need to be cloned via `git submodule update --remote`. (Included for testing purposes)


#### Steps to Complete

1. Create global symlinks for `scripts-mobile` and `scripts-web`.
2. Link "packages" (doing this after step 1 is necessary)
3. Clone "consumers" (app-mobile/app-web)
4. Install "consumers" dependencies
5. Link "consumers" to global symlinks for `scripts-mobile` and `scripts-web`

#### Scripts

4. `dev:setup` - !!!RUN FIRST: Packages must be built and symlinked first
5. `dev:build` - builds packages once (only TS will be built, templates are static)
6. `dev:build:watch` - builds packages in watch mode
7. `dev:test` - run unit tests (be sure you've run `dev:setup` first)
8. `dev:test:watch` - run unit tests in watch mode (be sure you've run `dev:setup` first)
9. `dev:teardown` - Removes all consumer and global symlinks (not typically necessary)

### 📦 Publish

[COMING SOON]

## 🏛 Structure

```
.
├── README.md
├── consumers
│   └── app-web
├── lerna.json
├── package-lock.json
├── package.json
└── packages
    ├── scripts
    │   ├── configs
    │   └── package.json
    ├── scripts-mobile
    │   ├── configs
    │   └── package.json
    └── scripts-web
        ├── configs
        └── package.json
```
